- Added zh_cn. Thx Qi-Month
Big update thx to @MihajloNesic
- Improved Heat sources: each source has a 'heatLevel' (starting from 1 and counting up). This heatLevel determines the level required to melt something (from the recipe). I would like this to be configurable and not hard-coded, but I didn't have much time to work on.
- Added some new heat sources (fire, soul fire, soultourch, soul campfire, magma block)
- I've added a 'Creative Heat Source' block. Placing it under the Melter will turn it purple and insta-melt anything (with a valid recipe). This block does not have a default recipe, this is upto a modpack maker to define (if they want).
- JEI shows all the possible heat sources in the recipe viewer for a specific level. It is not perfect, as displaying both blocks, items or fluids was challenging (I would like to refactor this maybe sometime :)). If no valid source is found (eg. level 8 needed, but that level is not defined), a barrier block will be shown with this info. Also, fire and soulfire do not have a texture, so I made a compromise to display flint and steel and a fire charge with appropriate text color and names.
- Melter interaction improvements: Added a way to take out the items form the Melter (not possible before) by right-clicking, added a way to place items into a melter by right-clicking with the item/block.
- Fixed processing time: now the time is actualy correct for the minimum heat level; for each level above minimum, there is a 2 tick bonus so it will melt faster
- Fixed an issue where a different fluid will start melting even though there is already a different fluid present in the Melter
- Default minimum heat level is now 1
- Improved the way items look inside of a Melter. They now lay flat inside. Blocks are the same as before.
- Improved liquid position inside of Melter for small amounts (<200mB). I haven't tested less than 50mB.
- Improved JEI Melter recipe look (centering, added slots, decimal format, etc.)
- Minor improvements, check the commits.
- Heat source list is configured in each save file, under serverconfig.
- Added 'Melter Heat Sources' in JEI, which shows all valid heat sources and level values
- Changed the way creative melter works. It is not a property of Melter block.
- Few other fixes